Update AYON USD Docs and Add AYON USD Resolver Docs (#238)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/addon_usd_admin.md

   - **Repository Object Path**: The LakeFs internal path to the resolver zip, e.g: `AyonUsdResolverBin/Hou/ayon-usd-resolver_hou19.5_linux_py37.zip`. This information can be found on LakeFs server Object Information.
2. **+**: Add application path group

:::tip Application Alias
You won't need to modify this setting as it already comes pre-configured with all packages we provide.

> Mostly, You will find the **Application Alias** setting more useful to you, where you can same resolver build with different version of an app (e.g. different patch version of Houdini 20.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find the **Application Alias** most usefull to you , when running the same resolver build with different version of an app (e.g. different patch version of Houdini 20.5)
```

Just an idea i find the current version a bit confusing to read as it fights with itself a bit with the whole you won't need this and then you'll mostly need this sentence setup.

Author: Happy to see you around :D
https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/238/commits/95d58887d26c73c80fb4f6677402929f2f68c07b
